Good job, pluto!
Hey! Whatch'all doin'?
Practicing our tricks
for the big dog show!
Oh, man! Can
I play too?
Oh, well, we're not really...
Get the stick, boy!
Get the stick!
Pluto!
I'm sorry, fellers. I know how
much this dog show meant to y'all.
And the worst part is,
we promised if we'd won,
we'd give the prize money to
the orphanage down the street.
Aw, man, them poor little orphans!
If only there was somethin' I could do!
Gotta make this right somehow.
Huh?
Oh, what a predicament!
Ugh!
Your dog's name?
Goof...
Uh, I mean, pluto!
Hmm, just sign here.
Mmm-hmm!
Bad boy! Down! Down!
Sorry! He just
gets so excited.
And now, the obedience event.
Sit!
Roll over!
Hey-hey!
Beg!
Oh, baby, please don't be like that!
She meant nothin'
to me! I can change!
I can change!
And finally, the obstacle course.
Okay, buddy, we got one more
chance to turn this thing around.
Remember, this is for the orphans!
Listen man, I know I was a little
off my game before, but I got this.
Oh, no...
No, no, no!
It was so easy!
All you had to do was...
This!
And this!
And this! And this!
See?
Oh!
You!
You
are magnificent!
What poise! What
precision! What pageantry!
Now that is what I call a dog!
Well I'll be dogged!